# heysalem.github.io
HackDavis 2019 project. The idea of *hey, Salem* was to create an interactive and accessible AI bot that tracked mood based on spoken and typed-out words, as well as a sleep and water tracker based of information being told. Our goal was to create a web app that encouraged people to keep track of their mental and physical help with ease of access and accessibility.

### Features
- Login with Snapchat account for secrity of data

### Future Ideas
We planned to implement text-to-speech and speech-to text in order to make this web app more accessible using Google API, where Salem would respond by both speaking and text, and the user could respond to Salem through speaking or typing as well. We also planned to display graphs of the mood, water intake, and sleep changes taken from the Google API that were recorded through conversation, as well as make this a Google Chrome extension for further ease of access. Reminders to sleep and intake enough water were also in our brainstorming, as well as a user enviromnent that is easier on the eyes and interaction. We also wanted Salem to pulse when talking back to the user to create a richer experience with the bot. Ideally, Salem would respond smartly, suggesting certain websites, making jokes, and such depending on what the user is saying. Although we did not implement all of our ideas within the 24 hour hackathon, we're both lucky to have learned how to incorporate APIs into our works for the first time. We attempted to implement Google Natural Language's Sentiment Analysis in order to track mood based on user input but didn't have time to finish - we plan to place this feauture into it in the future.
